---
date: 2017-04-11T11:13:32.000-04:00
description: Monsieur the Cardinal
featured_image: "/images/img_0313.jpg"
tags: []
title: 'Chapter III: Monsieur the Cardinal'

---
John's Last Letter:

This was a good week at work. I have my second TPM back and we were able to get all of the responsibilities redistributed first thing on Monday. It has only been a week but I can tell already that life is going to be so much better. On the other hand my “other” job of advising the group on system engineering took a turn for the worse this week. Our group processes were historically all designed around the waterfall process model and now badly need to be updated to accommodate agile and other models we are trying to push everyone to. I have been working with the process team on a roadmap for getting that done. Things have been going well with that but I thought we were still working up to a roll-out. Then I was blindsided on Thursday when they briefed a way forward to the entire group leadership that was nothing short of a disaster. You could tell the group deputy and chief of staff (the director wasn’t there) were downright alarmed by it and directed them to take another month to try to get it right. Needless to say, at my request, I am meeting with the squadron director who owns that team first thing tomorrow to sort this out. Depending on how that goes I may just have to go direct to the group leadership and get them to agree that I represent the group and that the process team needs to coordinate off with me before bringing anything to the group. Guess we will see. At home we started off the week with CFM over at the Iverson’s house and it was a good discussion although we did get sidetracked at one point talking about how the traditional kilt was actually the blanket they issued to each soldier. So after the lesson was concluded we had to all watch an internet video of how you put on the traditional kilt. Good times. Back at home Cecile stopped in to spend the night as she had been at Dad’s, then with Bradey’s kids and needed to be back to Dad’s the next day. On Tuesday Stacey and I got our first COVID-19 vaccination which was the Moderna version. We go back in a month for the second. Stacey had some general achiness but I wasn’t really affected much. On Wednesday I cooked up a batch of chili (for the next day’s chili cookoff) while watching some shows with Stacey. The chili cookoff went well. There were three chilis and they all seemed to be pretty close contenders. Unfortunately I got so busy that I never went in to see who actually won. That evening I spent a bunch of time helping reconfigure one of Stacey’s Dream Boxes from having pegs support the shelves to using new runners that use the same holes. We also watched a show together. Friday I worked a half day and then stopped by the barber for a badly needed haircut. I also stopped at the commissary for some items. At home I helped pack up a bunch of extra Dream Box shelves Stacey was selling to a lady in California which I then mailed at the UPS store. I then got a Redbox and picked up takeout at Texas Roadhouse. The movie was Ophelia starring Daisy Ridley. It was Hamlet from the viewpoint of Ophelia (written and directed by women). They didn’t adhere strictly to the script (nor even to Shakespearian English) but it was still kept in period, was very clean and I found it entertaining. Saturday we woke up to a rainy day (moisture?). I got all of our canned goods out on the porch for the annual food drive (formerly Scouting for Food) and then made a batch of funeral potatoes for the funeral of an older man in our ward that died. Actually at 71 he wasn’t that old. I then spent the rest of the day working on things that needed doing. In the evening we watched a couple episodes of a new series “Superman and Lois”. In some ways it is good but I don’t know if we will be continuing with it. Today, like every Sunday, we got to attend church so Stacey could lead. The music was all Easter hymns and the talks were about the atonement. We then had the weekly CFM Sunday school lesson which went well. In the afternoon Matthew and Edmund played a game of Dragon Farkle over Zoom with Stacey and I. That was fun and it was fun to also see Gwyn and Rhys on the video. Anthony arrived after that and we shared our ample sampling of leftovers with him for dinner. He had come up to get a suitcase (he is off to Twentynine Palms tomorrow for a week-long business trip) and we were able to spend a good amount of time with him. And that rounds out my account of this week’s activities.